Kixx Bootstrapper
=================

Modular Web Browser Plug-in Platform
------------------------------------

Brought to you by [The Fireworks Project](http://www.fireworksproject.com).

The Kixx Bootstrapper is an extension designed for the Mozilla
Firefox(http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/firefox.html) web browser that
provides a plugin platform for a modular system of applications we call
"toolpacks".

The main goal of Kixx is to provide a simple means of installing, persisting,
importing, and managing client side modules including code libraries and user
facing apps.  The philosophy behind Kixx is to maintain a modular environment
of loosely joined small peices, facilitating more efficient and innovative
development of complex Internet enabled software systems using web browsers as
the platform. The Kixx environment is designed to use common web technologies
including (X)HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

Kixx plans to be compatible with Google Chrome, but it is currently only
implemented for the Mozilla platform, specifically the Firefox Web Browser.

Although installable bundles are available, this is pre-release software.  It
is untested and under active development.

License
-------
Licensed under The MIT License:

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Fireworks Technology Projects Inc.
[www.fireworksproject.com](http://www.fireworksproject.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
